What has happened to Candace Owens?
>> You know, I I interacted with her in the
immediate aftermath of, you know, what
happened with Charlie. Uh I didn't
realize, you know, that we were going to
be the subject of a daily streaming
show. I I had no foresight that it was
going to become what it's become.
[Music]
Since Charlie Kirk was assassinated, the
conservative movement has fallen into
infighting with big personalities and
war with one another.
>> I truly believe that the deep state is
involved in this assassination and
multiple states are involved.
>> I think that what Canones is doing right
now is evil and with a lot of
uncertainty about what the future of the
right actually holds. If Lindsey Graham
wins, it will be the most dispiriting
thing to happen in American politics in
a very, very long time. So, was Charlie
Kirk himself actually holding the right
together?
What unites the movement he helped build
now?
And what does populist conservatism
actually want going forward?
My guest today is Andrew Kulvit, who was
Charlie Kirk's close confidant. Since
the assassination, he's taken on many of
his friends responsibilities, including
hosting the Charlie Kirk show that's
placed him in the thick of a struggle to
define Kirk's own legacy and the future
of the right. Andrew Kulit, welcome to
Interesting Times.
>> Thank you. Honor to be here. Uh, so I
want to start just by doing a kind of
introduction and having you explain your
current role as a steward of the
organizations that Charlie Kirk built.
Um, you're part of the leadership of
Turning Point USA, which is the
conservative youth organization that
Kirk founded. And you're also, well, you
were the executive producer of the
Charlie Kirk show, which Kirk hosted,
and now you are hosting. So, just tell
me a little bit about how you came to be
involved with Charlie Kirk in the first
place.
>> Yeah. Um, and and I would be remiss if I
didn't say that the, you know, the real
reason I'm here is because we had
originally scheduled Charlie to come sit
down with you, but I think what you said
is probably accurate. I I don't even
describe myself as the host of the
Charlie Kirk show. Um, Charlie is the
host of the Charlie Kirk show and I see
our job as being stewards of his
mission, of his message. Uh, but yeah,
Charlie and I, we started the show in
2019. Uh, May 2019 was our first episode
and we just did one podcast a week and
>> which is I should say a lot. It
>> I can say now that now that I now that I
have a podcast of my own, but you were
working at Turning Point before then.
>> Yeah, I'll go back a step. So, I was
actually living and working in Hollywood
and I had I had a job working with Mark
Bernett, you know, of The Voice,
>> uh, Celebrity Apprentice,
you know, uh, Survivor,
uh, Shark Tank.
>> So, he was doing those projects and then
at some point he, uh, got into
faith-based content. you know, I was
thrown into the deep end of, you know,
one day we would be at uh Jimmy Kimmel
or we'd be, you know, at one of the one
of the night nightly shows and then we
would go to CNN and then we go to Fox
and then we'd be at a church. Um Mark's
chief of staff, guy named Johnny Moore
at the time, started a uh PR company,
asked me to start it with him. I wanted
to write screenplays actually doing the
LA thing. my head was still very much in
that space and I wanted to I wanted to
make content and so I kind of refused
kind of refused and then he he said you
know why don't you just work a couple
days a week help me get this thing off
the ground and then you can do your own
thing and along the way we started
bringing on conservative clients so
ended up uh Prageru was one of those
clients we ended up uh bringing on the
Blaze as a client and uh at one point uh
you know Charlie came across the path of
Johnny in southern Florida at some event
and said, "Hey, you should look into
this guy. He's young, but you know, I
think he's got a lot of energy. You
know, you should contact her. Here's his
email." So, I reached out to him, said,
"Hey, you know, we'd love to talk about
maybe working with you." He he basically
ghosted, you know, for a while and uh
eventually he had some news story that
was that he tried to handle on his own
that didn't go so well and uh kind of
blew up and and then he called me, got
to work with him via the the agency for
about a year and then he he basically
said, "Hey, I like you. I'll hire you.
I'll be your first client and I also
want to start a podcast and I want you
to help me do that." So working for
Turning Point, I think that there are a
lot of people, maybe especially a lot of
people in the audience for the New York
Times, for instance, who have just a
very hazy idea of what Turning Point is
or what Charlie built it into, right?
That it's well, it's a campus
conservative group. Maybe it's an
alternative to the young Republicans.
Can you just give a description of what
in its sort of full full mid2020s form
Turning Point is or became?
>> Yeah, Turning Point at its core is is
cap campus activism, right? Because
there is a felt need and I think a very
real need uh for conservatives on campus
that are contending with whether that be
professors or other student groups. They
feel isolated. They feel alone. And so
we have chapters on campuses all across
the country and the these become
convening points for conservative,
like-minded, curious, libertarians,
whatever to come meet, get together and
discuss ideas. So there's there's
programming that we push out throughout
all of the campuses. There are speakers
that they are then able to book. We help
them become a registered student
organization on campus so that they can
access student uh body funds and you
know security get venues on campus. So
that's that's the beating heart of what
Turning Point is. Now around that there
is you know there's a productions team
that's producing a lot of content
documentaries. We also have a social
media team. Social media has obviously
been huge part of Turning Point's growth
and and so this was again I think like
when I think about the beginning of
Turning Point you know I was a
conservative at a predominantly liberal
campus there have always been these you
know various groups that are sort of
doing outreach or providing community
for conservatives
>> and my my sense is that as much as that
is the heart of what Turning Point does
it has become a much bigger thing than
any sort of purely campus conservative
that it has it has a religious
dimension. It has obviously a legally
separate
political organization dimension
>> and that I think before Charlie was
assassinated a lot of people on the
outside maybe didn't quite realize how
big a part of
>> conservatism and conservative
Christianity in America your
infrastructure had become.
>> No, the infrastructure is huge. We're
talking hundreds of thousands of
students across the countries at these
campuses, whole social media wing, a
whole reporting wing, a whole political
arm, plus we had the Charlie Kirk show
that what became this drum beat every
day. So, uh, yeah, it it was a lots of
tentacles. And that's not even to speak
of the work that Charlie was doing
behind the scenes. I mean, the guy was
an avid texter and emailer and phone
caller. And so he was also working
relationships behind the scenes
constantly and ironing out differences
or Yeah. bridging divides.
>> Yeah. No, I and I I want to get into
that role because I think it's sort of
important to understand what's happening
in conservatism
since his murder. Um but if if you don't
mind, so you were traveling with him a
lot. Would you you would go to campuses
with him for his tours?
>> Yeah. No, so I didn't go to all the
campus stops. I wasn't there uh the day
he was killed, but uh and I'm truly
grateful for that actually because
I just I'm so glad I didn't see it. Uh I
saw the video in the immediate aftermath
cuz I wanted to know if he could
survive. And uh
>> yeah, I saw the video and immediately
regretted seeing it.
>> Yeah. Uh truly. And you know, the whole
team actively works very hard to make
sure that anything we share with Erica
that cuz she has not seen the video and
I uh she never wants to see it and I I
um I want to make sure that I do my part
to make sure she doesn't. So uh yeah, I
mean I was I was traveling with him a
lot and
>> did it feel dangerous to you the public
the public's work like do you feel like
you had
>> anticipations or premonitions of what
happened? I mean, you know, everybody
plays this mind game after the fact. Did
do we have premonitions about it? And
you know, you you have these thoughts
that run through your head and you kind
of try and put them down because you
don't you don't want to live in fear and
you're you're watching Charlie who's
absolutely refusing to live in fear,
>> you know. So, and we had a full security
detail around him all the I mean by by
the time you know he was killed there I
mean the security
system and mechanisms and the team
members that we had around him were very
robust and we spent a lot of money on it
as an organization. We took it very
seriously. And so
what I became aware of after the fact
was that a lot of what we had to do was
rely on these campus stops was rely on
local PD whether that's campus PD or
local PD. And so much of it uh so much
of the I guess safety or lack thereof is
contingent on the precautions that they
put in place and the plan that they have
in place. And some of that is beyond,
you know, the control of of the because
Charlie's security detail covers his
immediate proximity. They have like a 30
yard jurisdiction, if you will. And then
the perimeter and the ingress, egress is
all controlled by local campus PD. And
that's if you want to do an event on
campus, those are the rules. So, was I
scared? No. Genuinely, I wasn't. Was I
aware that Charlie was becoming
increasingly increasingly famous? Yes.
I'll never forget he came and visited me
u you know I guess probably a month
month and a half before it happened and
he just got mobbed. Selfie selfie selfie
selfie and I it was kind of this moment
where I was like you're really famous
now. Um if you don't mind can you just
say something about what the day itself
was like for you?
>> Yeah. Um
well
it can be brief.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I know it's um so the day
before actually I had booked an
interview for him that he was not super
pleased that I booked for him but it it
was there was a good reason for doing it
but he was he was like you know what I'm
tired now and I want to focus on the
tour tomorrow. So you're going to you're
going to guest host the show tomorrow.
So, I guest hosted the show um that
morning. It was, you know,
uneventful
and
we had a pre-record for hour two
actually. So,
it's probably too in the weeds, but he's
texting me on his way and he's going
over talking points about polygamy
because he's going to Utah and why is
monogamy important? And he and you know
we're just rapid fire. These are our
thoughts on why monogamy is advanced
societal tech. And it's and it it it uh
it you know direct
>> the killer app civilization.
>> Exactly. It directs male uh energies in
the right direction, societal building,
all these things.
>> And that was about uh I think I had it
was like 33 minutes before he was
killed.
And I'm sitting there at my desk. I'm
answering a couple calls, emails, and
I got a call from a girl on our team.
She was
in this desperate, you could hear it in
her voice. And she said, "They shot
Charlie. They shot." I was like, "Who
shot Charlie? What? You know what? Is he
okay? Is he going to live?" You know,
like instantly. That's where I'm like,
you know, and she just said, "I don't
know. I don't know. I don't know." I was
like, "How bad was it?" And she she was
like, "Well, it looks it looked pretty
bad, but I I don't know. It was it was
quick
and immediately I just you know shell
shocked completely shell shocked and I I
kind of immediately thought I have to do
something like people are going to look
to me for direction and answers
and I just I got nothing. I got nothing.
And so I log on to X to see if anybody's
talking about it yet. And then I I see
it that it's being just initially
reported, no videos.
And um next thing I know, my phone, this
is the part I'll never forget because my
phone starts just
text phone call phone call phone call.
My phone is literally the next day it
stopped working. I had gotten so many
phone calls and so many texts and it was
I mean I can't even tell you it was it
was thousands upon thousands of texts.
Some people saying I'm so sorry or like
tell me it's not true. Is is he all
right?
And then just a lot lot of reporters
going, "Can you confirm that Charlie
Kirk has been shot?" And I'm like, you
know, just these heartless, you know,
we, you know, this is from so and such
and such outlet. Like we we're trying to
confirm if and I'm just thinking this is
like one of my best friends in the
world, like my brother and my business
partner. And I and I like what what are
you supposed to do in this moment when
they're they want to know if uh they can
confirm it and you're like I don't even
know what the truth is. So
>> how long how long did it take before you
knew he had died?
>> I um
there was a I don't know I want to say
probably 30 or 40 minutes.
>> Okay.
>> So there was a a report. There was a
report. Yeah, it was before I knew
before Trump put the truth social out
and uh I remember
feeling grateful that he put that out
because I remember having my computer up
cuz I'm supposed to message this
>> and I remember like it was literally
that, you know, like one of those scenes
in the movies where you have the the
first sentence and you don't you don't
know what to say next and I kept
deleting it, kept deleting it and then
um I so I was extraordinarily grateful.
I was funny because I got a call from
some reporter. I think he was trying to
take a swipe at the president for
sending off that. He was like, "Did he
coordinate that with you?" And it's
like, "Well, no." And I so glad he just
ripped the band-aid and and said it. Um
but yeah, I had I had heard that he was
pronounced dead in the hospital and um
you know that that Erica had gotten the
call basically. And then um I flew
straight to Provo just to you know
I just felt like I needed to go and be
there and um yeah so I was I was there.
And at what point,
I guess at what point did it become
clear to you that this was going to that
that you were going to at least
temporarily
not fill Charlie's shoes, but take over
part of his role, cuz obviously since
then you have been not alone, but you
you have been running the Charlie Kirk
show. You are for the moment the voice
um the voice of Charlie Kirk in the
aftermath. And when did that become
clear that that was something you were
going to undertake?
>> Yeah. And I just want to be very clear
that I don't see myself as that. I uh
you know I worked with Charlie just
about every day for eight years and I
feel like I have a Charlie GPT or
something in the back of my head. I mean
for truly I I hear
>> as long as you don't do the weird AI.
>> We are not going to do the weird AI
thing. We've been pitched on that
multiple times. I'm just like guys no no
not not at all. Um, you know, it was it
was in the immediate aftermath. It was
the day or two after. I remember Erica
looked at me and said, you know, they
will not silence my husband's voice. You
have to keep the show going. And, you
know, JD Vance had flown to uh Utah to
pick us up. So, we were all in Phoenix.
And um by the way, you know, JD Vance, I
I can't say enough good things about him
and Usha and the way they've comported
themselves and the support they've been
uh to us and to Erica in this time and
that transfer. I can't tell you how much
that meant to us. It truly was just an
amazing gesture to see Air Force 2 fly
down into Utah, pick up Charlie, and
take him back home. It was uh really
amazing. So, we're all in f we're all in
Phoenix that Friday and we decide to
we're going to host the show. And I
remember as the seconds ticked down
before we go live and just going, I have
no idea what I'm going to say. And I
still don't really remember. I've never
gone back and watched it, but you know,
we just knew we had to keep it going.
And Erica, you know, when Erica Kirk
looks at you and says, they won't
silence my husband's voice. You have to
you have to keep speaking. You do it.
Let's let's talk a little bit about I
guess that mission and the role that he
played that you already talked about
having a front seat for watching him
play. Um
when Charlie was scheduled to come on
this show, uh one of the things one of
the things I wanted to talk to him about
was my own sense that he was maybe more
important to conservative politics than
people realized. And some of that had to
do with the incredible infrastructure of
Turning Point that we've already been
talking about. Um, but some of it had to
do with this kind of relational dynamic
that you were describing, right? Not
just the show, but texts, phone calls,
friendships, and so on. Um, there's a
lot of talk uh with current divisions on
the right about, you know, the idea of a
William F.Buckley Jr. figure, right?
someone who's sort of figuring out what
is and what isn't conservatism and who's
in and who's out. And that's my
understanding of Buckley's role as
someone who came on the scene, you know,
late late in his career but had some
exposure was that it was much more
relational than intellectual, right?
That it was about that he sort of sat at
the center of a network of people who
didn't always like each other
>> but all liked him. And I felt, you know,
as a distant observer that some some of
that was there with Charlie and I felt
it much more strongly honestly since his
death because one of the things that has
obviously happened is that there is just
a lot of infighting in the kind of
activist podcaster influencer space on
the right. So I'm curious generally what
you think about that. Uh maybe
specifically
you could talk about the most intense
version of this that I know you've had
to deal with, which is just the
incredible proliferation of conspiracy
theories
>> since since his death. Almost sort of
JFK
>> level stuff. Um
>> do you want me to go conspiracy theories
first or? Yeah,
>> let's start with the conspiracy theories
actually and then and then sort of get
get bigger from there. You know, I think
that you're right though that they I
think they are connected.
There's been
obviously people want to know what
happened and I don't begrudge them
wanting to get to the bottom of it. I
also don't begrudge them having a a sort
of distrust for authority and a distrust
for institutional authority and
governmental authority
because we have been lied to about
things. And so I I I understand it on a
on some level like genuinely don't
begrudge people that.
And I think it's in a weird way a
testament to Charlie's impact and his
importance.
And so I have
trained myself to see the conspiracy
theories as a testament to the love for
Charlie.
>> Just for people who don't know all the
conspiracy theories, right? Like the
theories, you're referencing the fact
that some of the theories are basically
like obviously someone on Charlie's team
must have set him up.
>> Sure. or he was betrayed or you know
>> and and I I do my best and this is why
I'm I'm so grateful that I have faith
>> because I'm able to pray for people that
are taking that energy and directing it
at people Charlie loved his closest
friends. And that gives me a lot of I
think an anchor in a in a pretty
tumultuous storm otherwise.
And I also watched Charlie deal with so
many lies about him. And I watched him
over the years learn when to stay
silent, when to speak into things, when
to correct, when to be strategically
absent on a conversation. Um, and this
is where the two subjects bleed a little
bit together where you have a lot of
people that are now part of canonizing
Charlie Kirk but in life were either,
you know, they were not particularly
friendly or they were outright hostile.
>> Yeah. And so I mean I think the most the
most explicit one that where there has
been sort of really clear attempts to
sort of claim his mantle and his legacy
for
>> completely different perspectives is the
issue of Israel.
>> And obviously that is also entangled
with the conspiracy theory stuff because
some of the most prominent conspiracy
theories have involved have involved
Israel. And
I have a general question about again
like I assume this was one of the issues
that you guys were talking about before
he was killed. But then there's also the
specific reality that Candace Owens who
is you know one of the most popular
podcasters in America was Charlie's
friend. She is the leading voice for
many of these many of these theories.
And so I'm curious what your view of her
arc since his since his killing is.
>> Yeah, I would say
when it comes to the issue of of Israel,
it was certainly something that we
wrestled with a lot. I mean, you you
Charlie would go to some campuses and it
was like 50 60% of the questions were
about Israel. Yeah.
>> And that was for two years,
>> you know, that that was true. It wasn't
true at all campuses. It sort of
depended but every campus there was
questions about Israel and they were
questioning the US relationship with
Israel funding. What about Apac? I mean,
he he got the gamut, right?
And he got better and better at
answering those questions and spent a
lot of time trying to study the issue,
right? Because I think when Charlie
started, he was at a, you know, I want I
don't want to say he was normie, but he
he was kind of took it at his face
level, a great, you know, greatest ally
in the Middle East. and you know he but
but he was questioning
you know some of the dynamics because at
the end of the day it's Charlie was
really against war. He hated war. He
took a lot of flack for fighting against
this march towards endless blank check
funding of the Ukraine war. He was
vehemently against it. He didn't want
America to be involved in killing
abroad. He wanted us to focus
domestically. We saw it as this, you
know, a drag on the entire movement and
we wanted it to stop. And when they
when, you know, when you're trying to
have a
adult mature conversation about what our
relationship should be with a foreign
ally and it's met with an emotional
response, on the one hand, you
understand it
>> from the pro-Israel side. from the
pro-Israel side, but but from both
sides, candidly, um
you know, you start kind of going like,
well, how are we going to get anywhere
on this issue if we can't talk about it
reasonably and we can't disagree about
basic things. So, those things were were
gnawing at Charlie. There's no doubt.
And he was also, I think, frustrated
that he would go on campus and he was
defending Israel's right to defend
itself, its right to exist.
and he felt like he was doing more heavy
lifting for a foreign country than the
foreign country was doing for itself at
least from a PR standpoint and selling
you know this and that frustrated him
too. He didn't feel like it was should
be his role. How much of those questions
do you feel like actually came
explicitly out of the attempt by Nick
Fuentes and the Groper movement to sort
of target Charlie and put him on the
spot and attack him as opposed to being
a kind of organic not I mean not that
Fuentes's support isn't organic in some
sense right I actually yeah so I
>> I think you know what's interesting and
I don't know if this is contrarian take
or not but
I think that it's hard to know
what was you know I guess inspired by
organic I think the ideas of you know
Fuentes when it came to immigration in
Israel it's like there were there's
nuggets of of some pretty I think
there's
truth in some of those immigration
arguments for example and the
conservative side of the aisle was not
willing to address some of those those
questions Just give me an example of the
>> Well, yeah. And I would like to separate
that from some of the like vitriol
towards Jewish people that Charlie
rejected, you know, who wholesale. So, I
want to make that very clear. But when
it came to this is actually a fun funny
story. So, one one of the early in in
the early days, I think Erica and
Charlie were just dating at the time. We
took a drive uh all the all three of us
from I think it was Iowa City up to
Chicago
and all we did the whole car ride was
debate immigration. This must have been
2018, 2019.
And I was, you know, living in
California at the time. I saw some of
the cultural cohesion issues really
up close and personal and I so I was the
immigration hawk in the car. Erica was
probably more in agreement with me. And
Charlie was like, you know, he he still
had this uh kind of legacy
Chicago boy experience where he's like,
look at all this farmland. You know,
Chicago's losing population. We need
more immigrants. This Charlie changed
change it abruptly on this issue. But I
remember telling Charlie like Charlie,
you are wrong about this topic. Like
this is a bigger issue than you than you
are realized. And Charlie just wasn't
quite on that page because he had gone
to a high school in Wheeling, Illinois
where it was, I think, uh, white
minority high school. You know, they he
interact had a good experience at that
high school and didn't see any issue
with it. It was had Charlie started out
his political journey more libertarian.
Anyways,
>> he eventually became very convinced that
immigration was, I think, if not the
number one issue, darn near the number
one issue that's animating the base that
is important to conservative voters to
feel like we are able to still have our
country that we grew up in, feeling like
there there is a a sense of place, a
sense of identity, a shared American
identity. He became very convinced about
that and I think
>> do you think he was responding there to
the kind of questions that he was being
asked and the interactions he was
having?
>> No, I think he was responding to
experiences he he was having outside of
that. I think he was responding to
political stories. I think he was
watching
this emergent dynamic play out on the
national scene and whether that's Ilhan
Omar or Rashida Talib or something like
this you know which he he was deeply
uh upset at the lack of gratitude from
personalities that you might see online
and and felt like America had opened its
arms and we were not getting you know
the love in return right um more of a
grievance-based politics
and in a departure from conservative
ideals further further and further and
further
was worried that these cultures were
bringing in socialist ideas or that they
were going to scapegoat white America
for some perceived ill or offense. those
types of concerns I think grew over time
and he began to realize that the sheer
volume was unsustainable that the and
then and then boom the illegal
immigration crisis of the Biden years
put him well over the top.
>> So I think it was a natural evolution.
He just he just became more conservative
and his faith became even it was always
important to him but I think it became
even more increasingly so important to
him and that became began animating a
lot of his political views.
>> Yeah. Well, let's so just just to look
ahead for a minute, let's take those
three issues as useful for thinking
about where the right is going and and
just try and take them one at a time.
We'll say Israel, immigration, and
religion and Christianity.
>> And I want to use them to stress test
maybe how much cohesion there really is
on the right going into the end of the
Trump era. So, start with Israel. And I
notice you didn't answer my question
about Candace Owens. I think Candace
Owens is a clear example of just how
much potential division there is on the
right right now where yes, as you were
suggesting, you could see a kind of
stable middle ground that reassesses the
USIsrael relationship in some ways, but
in practice, you just have a lot of
absolutism in the pro-Israel camp. And
then you have an anti-Israel camp with
Owens as a prime example that has just
veered all the way very quickly into
anti-semitism. So maybe start with her.
What has happened to Candace Owens?
I don't know is the truth. I know that I
mean I've known Candace for
I guess I want to say pro probably 2019
I think is when I first met Candace and
she was always you know very
opinionated. it was always um I would
say you know a fiery personality
and
she
you know for a while she existed within
the turning point ecosystem and she just
simply you know grew to the point where
it made more sense for her I think in
her eyes to sort of you know do her own
thing outside of the turning point
ecosystem
>> and you know she's she's obviously a
tremendous just talent right in it from
a pure
uh oratory standpoint
and she
you know I I've seen you've seen
pictures of Charlie and Candace at um in
Israel for the embassy move moving
ceremony when then they moved it to
Jerusalem.
>> So at at you know as when when I was
interacting with her more frequently
there wasn't a question about Israel.
>> Do you guys do you or your team have
interactions with her nowadays? I I
interacted with her in the immediate
aftermath of, you know, what happened
with Charlie. Uh I didn't realize that
it was going to be this, you know, that
we were going to be the subject of a
daily
>> streaming show where, you know, our own
characters were impuged or that we were
somehow implicated in a betrayal
conspiracy or something.
>> I just assumed that Charles was his
friend.
>> Yeah. and she was obviously worried and
she was, you know, traumatized as we all
were. And, you know, I had kept in
contact with with Candace, you know,
intermittently over the years. So, I
thought I should call her and be her
point of contact when everything
happened. And she was obviously
distraught and, you know, I felt for
her. I knew she um you know I I had no
uh in I had no
foresight that it was going to become
what it's become. But
>> and for those again for people who are
watching or listening who don't know
exactly like there is constant
programming on her very very popular
podcast that is Yeah. It is a kind of
conspiratorial drama about the betrayal
and murder of Charlie Kirk in which
Israel features prominently people close
to Charlie right France.
>> But you haven't like called her up.
Someone doesn't call her up and say what
the hell is going on. I I believe
there's been one contact in relatively
recent uh days, but other than that, I
mean, it became apparent that, you know,
that we were becoming a a focus of her
eye and that it was not exactly a safe
uh relationship to to proceed with.
>> So, yeah. I mean, do you think your
audience and her audience overlap right
now?
>> I think Yeah. I mean, I think some I so
I'm not sure how many people
>> are are really buying into some of the
the
>> the French the French theories.
>> I don't know what people are really buy
I do think that there is you know and
you see this with Netflix you see that
like the true crime genre of things it's
a successful gen genre uh is especially
you know women seem to especially be
drawn to it. So, I I kind of think
there's a there's a big, you know, group
that that that tune in just to kind of
see what's coming next in this unfolding
uh narrative. But yeah, I mean, when and
I will say I I will never look at a
conspiracy theory the same way again,
you know, because when you're close to
something and you know what's true and
what's not, you know, um one one of the
allegations is that BB Netanyahu is
offering Charlie all this money.
That's not true. There was never an
offer. I If there was, nobody on the
team knows about it. So, so Charlie
would have had to just privately
>> the secret flights.
>> Yeah. First of all, I don't think
Charlie would have ever taken anything
from Israel just as a matter of
principle or from Ukraine or from, you
know, the UK like he just had a hard
andf fast no foreign money rule. Has has
this changed how you think about sort of
Trump era conservatism then? Because
there is I mean let's be honest there's
a lot of conspiracism on the right and I
am you know by the standards of the New
York Times I am more sympathetic I think
to many people about some conspiracy
theories I think there are weird things
in the world that are not fully
understood I have interest in everything
from Jeffrey Epstein to UFOs right but
>> same
>> good we'll do a show about about those
subjects but but it is also the case
that there
a kind of there's a wildness right to
conspiracizing
on the right in the era of Trump in the
era of COVID with the two you know with
the 2020 election and so on that is just
a distinctive part of conservative
culture. Do you regard that more
critically now maybe that you've been on
the receiving end of sort of theories
about yourself that you know not to be
true? I've never been a huge hugely
conspiratorial person in general,
but I've I'm very sympathetic to why
people are. And when you think about the
conservative mindset and the
conservative wiring, you realize
I think even more why why this is
happening. What we are living through is
an era where conservatives have this
bent to conserve our tradition, conserve
our culture, conserve our our heritage.
But those institutions that are supposed
to be doing the heavy lifting for us are
not in alignment. They are the
institutional capture uh by the left in
America is is pretty dramatic. And so I
understand that that's actually fueling
a lot of this. And then you you throw in
JFK, you throw in 9/11, you throw in
COVID, all of these things that have,
you know, I mean that people question,
right? They question are they getting
the real narrative or not. just having
been on this side of a conspiracy theory
>> and you just know you you just realize
there's a pattern to this where they
where they will allege connections that
might have an a grain of truth, an ounce
of truth and then they will leap to a
conclusion that is so wild and you're
like how did you how did you put one and
one together and then alleged this from
these two things or throw in a third
element that wasn't even true and then
that spun it in a whole different
direction and then all these people
believe it and then just distrust you or
and now you you have this this p of of
doubt cast upon your your person. So
it's that's the part that I didn't fully
appreciate being on that side of a
conspiracy there as opposed to being on
this side of it and you're just like
okay the facts have to matter somewhere
uh in this in this equation and I think
as a conservative movement we do have to
make sure we're fact-based. We do need
to be sure that we police ourselves of
some of the zier, crazier, I think
intellectually lazy conspiracy theories,
but when it comes to UFOs, when it comes
to Jeffrey Epstein, I think there's
there's some good there's some there's
some conspiracy theories that we need to
dive into.
>> How do you do that policing? And is it
on just the the Israel question, right?
Like if there's if there's no one who
can call Candace Owens and say, "What
are you doing? You should stop." Right?
Um, and she's only one example of people
who have sort of gone all the way to
conspiracy theories and to, you know,
anti-semitism on on Israel. Can the
right hold together on Israel when
there's so much difference again going
all the way to conspiracy theories?
>> Yeah, I would say that the answer is
yes. I I firmly believe that. Charlie
believed that and he was working,
you know, I think the preliminary stages
of that. I would say this is a
generational moment where you have
President Trump who is almost 80 in the
White House who is obviously fully
supportive of Israel at least yep
ostensively so he's friends with
Benjamin Netanyahu
but the base is
>> a complicated a complicated friendship
>> complicated friendship complicated
relationship you know the president has
been pretty stalwart I in in his defense
of Israel and I but I think What you're
seeing is this generational divide, you
could call it under 40, under 50, which
is becoming increasingly skeptical of
the status quo. Now, I can tell you from
our experience with Turning Point that
we did a Charlie and I actually uh did a
focus group with a bunch of our students
when we were at the Student Action
Summit. That was just in July in
Florida.
And we had a we had dozens of these
kids. We kept rotating them in. We
wanted to get a really broad section of
their feelings about Israel. And it was
remarkable because a lot of them were
like, "Well, we we like Israel. We like
them more than Hamas, but that doesn't
mean I don't have questions about should
we be funding them. Do we have to get
dragged into wars? It feels like we're
getting dogwalked into this conflict."
And I actually thought that was great
because what I don't want to see and
this and I think this is the through
line for Israel is
you do not have to support Israel to
belong to the team. At least in a
traditional historical sense. I don't
want to see a conservative movement like
that. I'm an American. You know, I was
I'm born in this country. My kids are
going to be raised in this country. I'm
going to die here. They're probably
going to die here. I care about America.
I mean, God bless uh Israel. I want them
to succeed too. I just want to make sure
we're taking care of home base first.
And I totally personally get that that
impulse in that, you know, and I said
it's sort of the animal passions of the
America First movement have been
unleashed. you know, uh, President Trump
perhaps didn't foresee or could not
foresee all that that would entail, but
this is a central pillar of this and and
I think Israel has become a symbolic,
you know, battle about what does America
first really mean.
>> Yeah. Immigration.
>> Mhm.
>> Seems like a different case on Israel.
You have these divisions within the
right. You also have them within the
left. Right. and both coalitions are
sort of trying to find a stable center.
On immigration, it seems to me you have
tremendous unity on the right now. And
that the arc you described earlier of
Charlie going from being sort of
moderately pro-immigration to being very
anti-immigration is just a general arc
for the conservative base. This is this
is if you ask me, you know, what does
the populist right believe in? What does
MAGA believe in right now? It would be
hard to do any better than immigration
restriction as a unifying issue. At the
same time, it's also a place where the
larger country, including lots of people
who voted for Donald Trump in 2024, are
not all the way where you are or where
Charlie is. And there's there's a lot of
people who have the, you know, have the
suburban high school experience that
Charlie had that you described, who have
incredibly favorable experiences of
immigrants and immigration. And there's
a lot of people who were alienated by
the Biden immigration wave, but also
look at the right right now and look at
deportations to an El Salvador prison
and look at, you know, ICE agents
wearing masks and are like, well, I want
deportations, but I'm not sure that I
want that. And, you know, you yourself
just said, well, in being
anti-immigration, there are some things
Nick Fuentes says that, you know, that I
think are true, right? There's a lot of
Americans who are like, if you I and and
to be clear, I know you're not saying
that, you know, that his that his
anti-semitic or racist hate is true, but
there's there's a lot of Americans, it
seems like, who could who are
sympathetic to the Republican party who
could be turned off by a, you know, mass
deportations for 20 years, everyone has
to go back kind of conservatism.
What do you think about that?
>> Yeah. Well, and and just to clarify what
I was saying, what you're what the what
Fuentes has tapped into, which I do
believe that there is truth in is that
you have a whole generation of young
men, and we saw this, you know, for
years. There's a whole generation,
especially of young men, but of young
women, too, that felt betrayed,
alienated, dis discarded,
villainized by the establishment class
and that they were told that they were
the problem just for being born in
America. You know, maybe they had white
skin, maybe they had brown or black
skin, but they were told that they were
toxic. They they were told that they
were, you know, some sort of an issue.
And when you do that, whether knowingly
or unknowingly, you are going to create
a whole class of people that are
probably going to be reactionary for
something that they were told they were
supposed to get, but that got screwed
out of by the incumbent financial system
or by the incumbent political class. And
that's an energy that once you unleash
it, once you seed the the ground for the
base elements of that, it will there
will be a reckoning. And that is a truth
regardless of who talks about it that
you have to as an American come to grips
with. Now, what Charlie's mission was
was to say, hey, before us are two two
roads. You can either go grievance
politics, socialism, free stuff
populism,
manionism, mandaniism, or you can go
MAGA. Now, you might not like MAGA on
its face. You might think it's mean or
cruel or bad PR or whatever, but at
least you can live with it. It's going
to be a tough pill to swallow and stuff.
There's national populism. There's going
to be some medicine that we all have to
take here, but at least on this road,
there's still going to be an American
>> What? What is the tough Are we talking
about? Are we talking about But but when
you say those two roads, are you
directing that to the alienated young
man or to the squishy moderate?
>> Probably both. Probably both. I think,
you know, I think MAGA MAGA on its face
is a tough pill for some to swallow.
That would maybe be young people, right?
So I'm I'm putting myself back into that
2022 2023 mindset. You know, Joe Biden
in 2020, there was a lot of ink spilled
about how he did with the youth vote and
how he he did so well. So, we had a
tough mission going into 2024. And
Charlie had a tough mission to how do
you sell this populist conservatism of
Trump to a generation that seems to be
repelled by either the energy or the
branding or Trump himself.
And so, that's a tough pill to swallow
for some young people. What? So what we
started seeing though was that they had
been so disenchanted with the liberal
establishment
>> and the economic reality that they were
facing the malaise everybody could feel
it
>> that you know when you would start
forcefully presenting the conservative
worldview on these campuses they started
flocking. But I think for a long time it
felt like this is going to be a tough
how do you sell, you know, uh being
accountable for your own actions, being,
you know, the fact that we have to, you
know, deport people that are here
illegally and there you're going to
confront all the the nasty headlines and
the Saabb stories from the news media.
And so I but here's here's my one push
back to the premise of the question. I
think that this has been going on for so
long and the transformation of the
country and and our cities and you know
basic social services have been so
dramatic that this is such an a wildly
popular position
and it and it I think it goes beyond the
base and you saw how much immigration
played into Trump regaining the White
House. So I think people underestimate
the issue of immigration. And I
understand that there is differences of
opinions about, you know, the raids or
who we should be.
>> Let let me let me just speak speak for
the squishes, right, for for a second
because it seems to me that there's when
you're talking about, you know, the hard
cell of MAGA to different groups.
There's one there's the group of
alienated, it's not all young men, but
we'll just call them alienated young
men, right? who have the experience that
you're describing and those are the
people who are getting pulled
to more and more hardcore positions and
potentially all the way to where Fuentes
is. Right? So to those people,
Charlie a year ago, now you are in the
position of saying, "Okay, how do we
keep them from becoming white
nationalists?" but we have to be
sufficiently hardcore that they feel
like they'll stay on our side. But then
there's another group of people who were
not super conservative, but were totally
alienated by the Biden economy and by
the Biden immigration wave and who voted
for Trump. Maybe they voted Republican
for the first time. That group included
a lot of recent immigrants, second
generation immigrants, a lot of Hispanic
voters, right? But those voters are
never going to be
hardcore anti-immigration
voters. I don't think. And it just seems
I feel like it's not just your dilemma,
but it is it is your dilemma in part,
right? Is you're trying to
simultaneously say, "Look, we're we're
really hardcore in immigration. We're
going to do all the things that you know
that the alienated young man who feels
like he's lost the future of his country
wants you to do. But in doing some of
those things, you end up alienating
the moderate conservative who you got in
2024.
>> I don't know that that's true. I just
don't know that I agree with that. I
actually think
>> I could I could be wrong. Yeah, I I
think that is,
>> you know, when we saw that dynamic play
out in 2016 with Build the Wall and, you
know, the never Trump movement and
people consistently underestimate this
issue. People have a memory of the way
the world used to feel when they were a
kid or when they were going to school
and they see how it's changed. Now, some
of that change can be okay and some
immigration certainly can be okay. As a
country, we've historically scaled up or
scaled down or changed the way we
formulate it.
I think that there has not been nearly
enough reform in the ter in this area
whether especially with legal
immigration H-1Bs. This is still a
wildly uh and dramatically animating
issue. And I think even with moderates
that maybe don't want to tell a pollster
that they they don't like it, but they
don't like it. Okay? Like people people
want to feel familiar in their
communities. They want to live near
people that they share values with. And
there's nothing wrong with that. By the
way, I think so so many times we turn
this into a, oh, you're a xenophobe or
you're a racist, you're a bigot. No,
this is as old as time. People like to
be in a community that they feel safe
in, that they feel like they know their
neighbors. This is this is just the way
people tend to congregate. So, I I I
would say I think you're
underestimating. And then when it comes
to new immigrants, you're not giving
immigrant communities enough credit for
understanding the the downside of
unfettered mass migration. And then you
I just think I just again I I would say
this is an issue that has been
underestimated time and time again and
it will consistently deliver for the
conservative movement. What else is
conservatism mega conservatism turning
point conservatism for right now?
Because we've entered a phase of the
Trump administration where there's no
big legislative agenda in Congress. Um,
and I think there's clear unity on
immigration on the right, clear
divisions on Israel, and I'm just
uncertain what the other animating
issues are that will shape the contest
to succeed Trump and everything after
that. And you're closer than I am to
those voters. What does what does the
populist right want in 2026, 2028, and
beyond? uh besides immigration setting
setting aside immigration and the and
the Israel debate.
>> Yeah. I mean affordability is huge and I
think what we need to be for and you've
seen this at least the beginnings of
this is you know a
economic moonshot if you will to make
housing more affordable. I think housing
is the crux. I think people owning their
own homes, feeling like they have a
stake in this economy, in this country.
I mean, if you want to have a nation of
renters, then those people are going to
burn down the country real fast when
things go south. And so, a a bull work
against radicalization
revolution is letting people own the
roof over their head. It's a place to
build a family, to get married. So, I
mean, I agree with Charlie. He and I
worked these ideas out together before
he died. And it's like, hey, we need 5
10 million new homes. We need to make
sure that those are not being bought by
institutional money or by foreign
buyers. We should be considering a lot
of creative ideas. Now, I'm not a policy
wonk, so I'm, you know, I I'll let the
experts work this out, but, you know,
maybe they get to write off the first
$50,000 of their mortgage. you know,
maybe they get maybe they get uh special
uh interest rates or or whatever the
idea is. Let's let's
>> 50-year mortgage.
>> No, the Okay, the 50-year mortgage was a
was potentially a bit of a mixed bag.
You know, it's funny. Okay,
>> it's okay. It's You can just say it's a
terrible idea.
>> It's probably a very terrible idea.
>> President President Trump is not
watching. Well, I shouldn't say that.
Maybe he is.
>> No, no, no. I listen. I actually So, the
reason I hesitate my instinct was that
it was a terrible idea. Then we put it
out to the audience and asked them what
they thought. And people are smart. I
mean, listen, a lot of our audience was
like, "Hey, listen. You don't want to be
a debt slave to this. I mean, if you the
medium home buyer is 40 years old, 50-y
year mortgage, you're 90 by the time you
pay that off." But they a lot of people
were saying, "Well, if that gets you in
the door, you start, you know, your
house appreciates in value. You could
refinance." People were already getting,
you know, creative and they were seeing
it as a potential tool that they could
take advantage of. So, I just want to
say on its face it felt like lipstick on
a pig, but our audience was sort of
split on it.
>> So,
you just said, "I'm not a wonk." I want
to encourage you to wonk wonk out on on
the just just take this issue as an
example.
>> It seem again this connects to some of
these larger dynamics on the right in
the age of Trump, right? You mentioned
two ideas. We need to build a lot more
homes and we need to make sure that they
aren't bought up by, you know, Goldman
Sachs, Black Rock, foreign foreign
investors and so on.
>> It seems to me that when I look around
the right, there's a lot more enthusiasm
for that second point. Like when I when
I go on social media and someone's like,
"Oh, you know, um uh bad news. You know,
this this hedge fund is buying up real
estate or so on." that gets tons of
engagement and there's less engagement
if someone says, you know, here's my
legislative plan to remove regulatory
impediments, right? But but that's but I
feel like that's the often the dynamic
that the right
>> gets trapped in where you have all this
energy around mistrust of institutions,
but in the end like if you want more
homes in America, the most important
thing is figuring out how you build more
of them. Right.
>> Right. So, this is, you know, I'm not
asking you for the 10point plan. I'm I'm
just encouraging you to sell because so
much of the the, you know, the problem
with the 50-year mortgage, like a lot of
these ideas, is you're subsidizing
demand, but the right and the left,
everybody, we need supply.
>> Yeah. You need supply. You need to
address core affordability issues,
structural problems. Yeah. No, 100%. And
and I mean I think
>> you know I'm not trying to be koi or not
answer a question. I
>> I genuinely believe that there are
people that are steeped in this in the
regulatory side.
>> You know what it what it takes to build
a home, what it takes to clear the land,
what it takes to approve the the permits
and all that stuff that that are far
more vers people people from your home
state of Nevada I think probably have
some strong views on this.
>> I mean and you know what's funny about
this is I am a conservationist by heart.
You know, being a western boy and
watching cities expand into beautiful uh
virgin land has always been a struggle
for me actually. But, you know, I do
think that we we do need to it's simply
too important. All right, let's end
let's end with faith and religion and
Christianity.
Charlie Kirk was a political activist, a
political brawler, right? to some extent
somebody who liked who liked to fight.
Um he was also increasingly as he got
older a more serious Christian. Um I
feel like to the extent that there is a
kind of inevitable
curation and sort of like presentation
of a life in the aftermath of an
assassination that the presentation of
Charlie's life has leaned on the
religious element. Um, I'm curious if
you think it's good if Charlie Kirk is
remembered more as a evangelist for
Christianity and not just Christianity,
but someone who was sort of a mo trying
to be a model of fatherhood and
religious commitment and family
commitment to young men. Is that a more
important part of his legacy than
politics?
>> Yeah, I I think so. Yeah, it's not even
a question actually. you know, he was
asked not long before he was killed, and
you could say before he was martyed,
which I do count him as a as an American
martyr, as a Christian martyr, that he
wanted to be remembered for his courage,
for his faith.
And as the years went on, it was very
clear to me just how much more
pronounced that became,
even as he would talk about politics.
And
you know, Charlie believed that America
was, you know, fundamentally
founded as a Christian nation for
Christians, providentially guided by the
hand of God to become the greatest
nation in the history of the world. And
that if we lost our Christian heritage,
we would lose our identity. We would
lose the very thing that made us
special, that made America so great. And
Charlie and I bonded originally, you
know, over our shared Christian faith.
Like that was really one of the things
that brought us together. And it's one
of those things that I think, you know,
will guard you from anti-semitism. It
will guard your heart against the
radicalization and the excesses that you
see in these corners of the internet.
And I think that's why when you asked me
earlier in this conversation, were you
afraid? And I said, well, no, but
because Charlie wasn't afraid. And he
wasn't afraid because of his faith. And
I think he had made
I think he had
realized that his life was not his own
and he had come to terms with that and
he had come to terms with the fact that
you know God was going to use him
however he was going to use him. One
important element of Christian culture
and Christian heritage is the idea of
loving your enemies goes all the way
back right to the gospels. And there was
a now famous moment at Charlie's
memorial where Erica So I have to ask
you about it and I think it's a good
it's a good place to end.
um his wife, you know, one of the
leaders of the movement that he worked,
you know, that he built, um got up and
talked about forgiveness and forgiving
Charlie's killer, forgiving your
enemies, loving your enemies. And then
the president of the United States, also
a friend of Charlie's, you know, a a man
on whose behalf Charlie did so much
work, got up and said, and it was a
joke, but it was not a joke, right? As
with many things, Trump,
>> we brought it back up at the metal the
metal freedom ceremony as well,
>> right? That Erica can talk to me and
talk me into it, right? But he said, you
know, I'm sorry. I can't I can't help,
you know, I hate them. I hate I hate my
enemies, right?
And I feel like that duality is very
obviously on display in conservative
politics where you have a conservatism
and a populism that is informed by
Christianity in a lot of ways. But at
the same time, I think it's hard to deny
that the Trumpian attitude is huge part
of right-wing politics. The idea that,
you know, got to know what time it is,
you got to fight your enemies. You can't
you can't give them an inch.
>> Would you agree? And you could disagree
that conservative politics going forward
through the end of Trump and after could
use a little more of the Erica Kirk
spirit. And if you agree, how do you do
that?
>> Well, if you're asking, do I endorse a
little bit more Erica Kirk spirit? Of
course I do. You know,
>> good. Okay. I thought that would be an
easy lift. So now, so but what does that
what does that mean when you're not
just preaching the gospel and talking
about Jesus's love, but when you are
doing politics with your fellow citizens
who you end up having really good
reasons to or feel like you have really
good reasons to treat as an enemy?
>> Yeah. I mean, I I don't even love using
the word enemy when it comes to any
political setting. I believe, you know,
some people certainly do. I I I I find
myself using words like my political
foes or whatever more often
because
>> your my misguided friends and neighbor.
>> Yes. except very sometimes
extraordinarily so I would say
you know I think there's a tendency in
the modern media landscape
especially when you're talking about
legacy media and immigration is a good
example of this where they'll they'll
major they'll turn the volume all the
way up for what I call a Saab story of
somebody that's in the country illegally
getting deported
and they will turn the volume all the
way down on the Saab story, which is
actually a real tragedy, of a family
that lost somebody to fentanyl or that
was trafficked or that was hit by a
drunk driver that shouldn't have been in
the country. Whatever the story was, you
will see the volume turned all the way
up in the Legacy Press on the one and
all the way down on the other. My
counter to that is that loving my
neighbor and loving my community means
that I want to sometimes I'm going to be
forced to do the hard thing on
immigration or I'm going to be forced to
do the hard thing on law and order
issues because actually that's what love
looks like. Love does not look like
simply being sympathetic and saying it's
no big deal. We're going to let this
pass all the time. Love can look hard
sometimes and it's it's basically saying
I love you enough that you're not going
to I'm not going to let you drink the
toilet water America.
>> Okay, but give you a glass of pure
water.
>> But that's not quite I think that's not
quite what I what I want to press you
on. So let's stipulate for the sake of
argument that there are a lot of
potentially harsh seeming conservative
policies that can be that can be well
that like like deportation that can be
undertaken in a spirit of love for your
country and that and do not
>> necessarily conflict with Christianity.
>> I think that's true. I don't I don't
think that Christianity forbids
deportation. I don't think it forbids,
you know, various various forms of um
sort of tough tough punishments for lawb
breaking any of those kind of things.
But there's also a question of the
spirit in which you were doing those
things. And this is where I think the
the Erica President Trump contrast is
sharp, right? that if you are deporting
someone who is sympathetic, you can do
so while saying, you know, this is the
law and we have to enforce our borders,
um, but I understand that, you know, I'm
I'm doing something that, you know, is
going to cause hardship and I'm want to
be sympathetic to what people are going
through. Or you can say, you know, every
immigrant here is an invader. And right
and if you read like the the social
media accounts of certain federal
agencies in the age of Trump, right, I
don't get a sort of cascading spirit of
Christian love coming from them. And I
think that's all downstream of Trump
himself who is I would say I think he
believes in God in some way. But I don't
think that he is animated by the truest
spirit of Christianity. So I guess what
I want to know is not is it Christian to
deport people. Can you have conservative
policies that are offered with more love
and fellow feeling than they're being
offered right now? I mean, I think you
said it that a lot of this comes
straight from the top, right? You know,
that that a lot of this flows downhill
from Trump, his persona, his imprint on
the conservative movement more broadly.
And this all reminds me of, by the way,
the conversation that people, especially
in the faith community, were having in
2016, 2017, of what to do with President
Trump, the evangelical coalition that
was around him. Yep. Can we support this
this man that is has lived a very
worldly lifestyle? And I think that
there was a recognition by most
certainly not all but but I would think
more broadly. I mean you look at the
voting records of evangelicals and
Catholics even and you're Catholic
right? Uh or
>> yes most most days on a good day. Yeah.
>> I for a second there I was like
Lutheran. No Catholic. Uh,
>> never with
all Lutheran all Lutheran listeners.
>> Um, so
I you you make you sort of have to
acknowledge
that, you know, that that old it's
cliche now, but you know, we're voting
for a president, not a pastor kind of
thing. And you also have to acknowledge
that there are critiques especially for
like big EVA as we call it big
evangelicalism
big evangelicalism in the the mega
churches. And there is a very ample
reason to believe that the majority of
the evangelical movement, at least
within the organized church circles,
became soft, became limp wristed, became
weak, feminized. And Trump was this
vehicle by which the there was sort of a
handshake deal where he was injecting a
little swagger, a little masculine uh
you know, energy into
>> church circles that had lost their
backbone. Now the question then becomes,
you know, you were asking, could we do
for a little bit more of the Erica Kirk
spirit? And I would say I would say
yeah. Yeah, I would agree with I would
concede that point to you that sometimes
even for me when I see some of the
social media posts I'm like h you know
that's that's a little too much and then
sometimes I'm like I love that we're
just unapologetic about the fact that
we're reinstituting law and order. So I
see I see from both sides
>> there a lot of there's a lot of
different social media posts out there.
>> Yeah, there's a lot right. So I I'm not
going to you know say all of them are
bad or all of them are good.
I would say that, you know, we need to
to find our backbone, I think, as a
Christian movement in the in this
country and sort of reassert ourselves
politically, which is why TPUSA faith,
you know, was founded anyway. It was
founded in COVID because, you know,
Charlie never believed that the church
was just going to roll over and take it
and you tell, you know, they were going
to tell them they couldn't meet and they
couldn't worship together. He didn't
think that that stood a chance of
holding up and then it kind of did
because you know when you get into a
pastoral role there is all these forces
that come upon you to go halfway to say
it a little softer to go I would say a
little more feminized and Charlie didn't
like that he wanted everybody to be able
to come together get encourage get you
know get courage
>> and to go back out and take that rod and
say hey we're not going to seed the
public square anymore but Now,
three years to go of Donald Trump as you
know, whatever happens, a continuing
shaping influence on the right.
You work with Erica Kirk.
Maybe a little more feminization.
>> Christian wouldn't be the worst thing in
the world.
>> I Well,
I believe the church has become overly
feminized. I think Erica would agree
with with me on that. and she's even
said she's she's no Turning Point is not
going to become feminized. Now, that
being said,
to the extent that Christian like core
Christian spirit and doctrine and
biblical principles are reflected in our
government, I mean, I'm all for it. And
certainly, I could concede that I would
have a more consiliatory tone at times
than our president. And sometimes I'm
I'm glad he showed me the way and and
and said it like he said it. So I I
think it like all good Christian
execution of of of policies, you've got
to take prudence and and it's case by
case, but certainly um I I think once
the era of Trump is past us, the next uh
you're not going to Trump is singular.
This this moment will not last forever.
>> All right, Andrew Kulv, thank you so
much for joining me.
>> Thanks so much. It's been a pleasure.
[Music]